#summary This Page Mainly Talks About The SDKs & Tools Required For This Project.

= Introduction =

 * The SDKs & TOOLs listed below are what this project MAY need. They can be acquired by the "Downloads" section of this project: [http://code.google.com/p/academic-crawler/downloads/list].

 * *NOTICE 1:* Some of those downloadable items are binaries which can be put into immediate use after installation, while the others are source codes which may need a compilation first, see other documents to find more details on *HOW TO* compile software from source codes.

 * *NOTICE 2:* In the meantime, some downloadable items are opensource projects. Those items can be used freely *UNDER CERTAIN LICENSES*, while the others are commercial products which can only be used *AFTER PURCHASE*.


= Details =

== SDKs ==

=== [http://code.google.com/p/academic-crawler/downloads/list 1. SDK_01-Qt_4.6.2_src] ===

 * *Qt 4.6.2*( *OPEN SOURCE EDITION* ) is used in this project to build application GUIs.

 * This document is a package with source codes of Qt 4.6.2.

 * *BEFORE* using this version of Qt SDK you need to *BUILD BINARIES FROM THE SOURCE CODES*.

 * To know *HOW TO* build Qt 4.6.2 binaries from src and configure it for use in *win32 msvc 2005* projects, please check out instructions on project wiki.

 * If you are unwilling to build Qt 4.6.2 from src, turn to *"SDK_02-Qt_4.6.2_bin"* - Qt 4.6.2 binaries built for *win32 msvc 2005*.

 * Visit [http://qt.nokia.com] for more details about qt.

=== [http://code.google.com/p/academic-crawler/downloads/list 2. SDK_02-Qt_4.6.2_bin] ===

 * *Qt 4.6.2*( *OPEN SOURCE EDITION* ) is used in this project to build application GUIs.

 * This document is a package with binaries of Qt 4.6.2 for win32 msvc2005.

 * To know *HOW TO* configure it for use in *win32 msvc 2005* projects, please check out instructions on project wiki.

 * If you want to build Qt 4.6.2 from src, turn to *"SDK_01-Qt_4.6.2_src"* - Qt 4.6.2 source.

 * Visit [http://qt.nokia.com] for more details about qt.

== TOOLs: ==

=== [http://code.google.com/p/academic-crawler/downloads/list 1. TOOL_01-Tortoise_SVN_1_6_12_&_SVN_1_6_15] ===

 * *Svn 1.6.15* is used as source control tool.

 * Svn 1.6.15 is an *OPEN SOURCE* software.

 * Visit [http://subversion.apache.org] for more details about Svn.

 * *Tortoise Svn 1.6.12* is a Svn client.

 * Tortoise Svn 1.6.12 is *FREE*.

 * Visit [http://tortoisesvn.net] for more details about Tortoise Svn.

=== [http://code.google.com/p/academic-crawler/downloads/list 2. TOOL_02-Qt_Visual_Studio_Integration_1_4_3] ===

 * *Qt Visual Studio Integration 1.4.3* is an add-in for Microsoft Visual Studio that helps developing qt applications.

 * Qt Visual Studio Integration 1.4.3 is among *COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS* which require purchasing when put into use.

 * Visit [http://qt.nokia.com] for more details about qt commercial edition.

=== [http://code.google.com/p/academic-crawler/downloads/list 3. TOOL_03-Visual_Assist_X_1_7_1_1] ===

 * *Visual Assist X 1.7.1.1* is an add-in for Microsoft Visual Studio that helps coding.

 * Visual Assist X 1.7.1.1 is among *COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS* which require purchasing when put into use.

 * Visit [http://www.wholetomato.com] for more details about Visual Assist X.

=== [http://code.google.com/p/academic-crawler/downloads/list 4. TOOL_04-Dependency_Walker_2_2] ===

 * *Dependency Walker 2.2* is used to check certain dependencies of an application.

 * Dependency Walker 2.2 is *FREE*.

 * Visit [http://www.dependencywalker.com] for more details about Dependency Walker.

=== [http://code.google.com/p/academic-crawler/downloads/list 5. TOOL_05-VirtualBox_4_0_2] ===

 * *VirtualBox 4.0.2* is a virtual machine which is useful for compiling binaries and running tests.

 * VirtualBox 4.0.2 is *OPEN SOURCE*.

 * Visit [http://www.virtualbox.org] for more details about `VirtualBox`.